Software Engineer Harvard High Performance Computing Cambridge, MA Jun.
2020 - September. 2020

Refactored the user account creation pipeline, increasing processing
speed by **15** times (Python, Bash).

Coded performance tests which exposed high load averages on web server
hosts. Identified a way to reduce it by **70%** (Locust).

Built a dashboard that enables non technical users to understand the
complex Harvard super computer status (React, Passenger, Node).

Co-founder & Software Engineer Artifai Cambridge, MA Mar. 2020 - Present

Making neural style technology available to non technical users, while
streamlining the process for users to purchase their art on a
poster/canvas.

Architected the backend for performing neural-style (Google Cloud
Computing and Firebase Functions).

Developed the user authentication and social databases (Firebase,
Firestore, and Node.js).

Built the user interface. Visit the business at https://artif.ai. To date there
have been over **1500** artifaications (React, Webflow).

Dashboard & ML Developer NeuroTech Montreal, QC Feb. 2020 - Present

Working with Neurotech to build a non-invasive forearm band that can
predict which keys a user is typing without the need for a keyboard.
Applications include augmented reality.

Constructed a dashboard for visualizing realtime ML model predictions
and signal data (React).

Developed a pipeline for interfacing between ML model predictions and
frontend applications (SocketIO, Python).

Fullstack Developer Epigenosys Montreal, QC Sept. 2019 - Dec. 2019

Engineered a machine learning model for predicting a human's age based
on the methylation data extracted from their blood sample (Keras).

Achieved **100%** accuracy $\pm$10 years and $>90\%$ accuracy $\pm$5
years.

Deployed a that enables clients to interact with the machine learning
model. Users can tune each of the 25 features and see how predicted age
changes (Django).

Presented research at McGill Science and Synergy. Made the front page of
Hacker News with over **100** upvotes.

Software Engineer Harvard High Performance Computing Cambridge, MA May.
2019- August. 2019

Deployed a web interface that enables **hundreds** of clients to view,
request, or terminate their storage allocations (Django).

Designed a mysql database model for tracking storage allocations and
storage transactions (MySQL).

Co-founder & Software Engineer Aspine Cambridge, MA Jan. 2019, June.
2019

Architected Aspine, an Open Source project that revolutionizes the user
interface for Aspen, a grade checking service, with many new features
and improved aesthetics (Node, HTML request mimicking). 
https://aspine.cpsd.us. Aspine is now preferred by over **500 students**.

Reverse engineered an API for extracting student information from Aspen
using HTML request mimicking (Node.js).
